NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH "YU-GI-OH! 5D's."
GET IN THERE.
DON'T EXPECT A MINT
ON YOUR PILLOW.
SAY, UH,
IF IT'S NOT TOO MUCH
TROUBLE,
TAKE THE TOP BUNK,
WOULD YA?
NO ARGUMENTS, NICE!
YOU LOOKED EVERYWHERE
FOR THE MARK
OF THE DRAGON?
YES, EVERYWHERE!
WELL, THEN, PERHAPS WE
NEED TO CHALLENGE YUSEI
TO A DUEL OF SOME SORT.
I'LL TAKE THAT PIECE
OF GARBAGE ON RIGHT NOW!
YOU MUST ARRANGE
A SITUATION
WHERE THAT SATELLITE
WILL WANT TO DUEL.
I KNOW JUST WHAT TO DO!
HERE'S THE REAL REASON
I WANTED THE BOTTOM BUNK.
I FOUND SMUGGLED MAGAZINES
IN TANNER'S CELL!
YOU ALL KNOW THAT'S
AGAINST THE RULES.
THERE ARE NO MAGAZINES,
WE BOTH KNOW THAT.
SO I'M JUST PUNISHING TANNER
BECAUSE I FEEL LIKE IT?
YOU'RE ABUSING
YOUR AUTHORITY,
ARMSTRONG.
TO PROVE THAT
I'M A REASONABLE MAN,
I'LL LET YOU DUEL ME
OUT HERE
WHERE YOUR FELLOW INMATES
CAN WATCH,
AND IF YOU WIN, I'LL
PARDON TANNER'S OFFENSE.
BUT IF I HAPPEN
TO WIN THE DUEL...
THEN NO ONE HERE BUT ME
GETS PUT IN LOCKDOWN.
HURRY UP AND PREPARE
THE DUEL DISKS!
WHAT'S THIS CHAIN ALL ABOUT?
OH, THAT'S....
JUST TO MAKE THINGS
A LITTLE FUN.
EVERY TIME YOU TAKE
LIFE POINT DAMAGE,
THAT CHAIN'LL SORTA
GIVE YOU A LITTLE TICKLE.
WHAT KIND OF
LITTLE TICKLE?
YOU'LL FIND OUT SOON.
LET'S GO!
REPAIRMAN!
SMASH THAT PATHETIC
PHANTOM INTO THE FLOOR!
BRACE YOURSELF, SATELLITE.
THIS PART MIGHT BE
A LITTLE SHOCKING.
AAH! AAH!
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU
BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
I'M GONNA MAKE SURE
YOU DON'T LEAVE THE FACILITY
FOR A LONG, TIME YUSEI.
AND NO MATTER
WHAT YOU DO TO TRY
AND STOP ME
FROM WINNING THIS DUEL,
I'M NOT TAKING MY EYES
OFF THE PRIZE.
HA HA HA!
UNH.
I'M GLAD
TO SEE THIS DUEL
ISN'T TOO SHOCKING
FOR YOU, SATELLITE.
WELL, THAT'S EASY FOR ARMSTRONG
TO SAY,
ESPECIALLY SINCE HIS
DUEL DISK ISN'T CONNECTED
TO THE STATIC GENERATOR.
IT'S MY TURN!
AND I THINK I'LL START BY
PLAYING THE SPELL CARD
NIGHTMARE'S STEELCAGE.
DON'T YOU KNOW
YOU'RE ALREADY
BEHIND BARS???
YEAH, WELL THESE BARS
ARE GONNA KEEP ME SAFE
FROM YOUR STATIC
GENERATOR'S SHOCKS
FOR THE NEXT TWO ROUNDS.
THAT LITTLE
CAGE WON'T SAVE YOU!
WE'LL SEE.
NOW I LAY DOWN
A FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN.
STEELCAGE!
THAT WAS MY CARD!
SEE? I TOLD YOU
MY DECK WASN'T LAME.
LISTEN! I SAID THAT
YOU WERE LAME, NOT
YOUR STINKIN' DECK!
SHUT IT YOU TWO,
YOU'RE BOTH LAME!
HMM.
NOW, YOU MIGHT THINK
YOU'RE SAFE
WITH THAT STEELCAGE
STOPPING MY MONSTERS
FROM ATTACKING YOU,
BUT I DON'T NEED TO
ATTACK IN ORDER
TO WIN THIS DUEL,
N'HERE'S WHY YUSEI:
FIRST
I'LL PLAY IRON CHAIN SNAKE.
AND SINCE I HAVE
IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN
ALREADY ON THE FIELD,
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY LETS ME
BRING OUT ANOTHER MONSTER.
SO I THINK I'LL BRING OUT
ANOTHER IRON CHAIN SNAKE!
NEXT UP, I'M ACTIVATING
THESE TWO SPELL CARDS!
AND WITH THEM IN PLAY,
THIS MATCH
IS ALL BUT A LOCK FOR ME
BECAUSE WITH 2 LEVEL 5 CHAIN
MONSTERS ON MY FIELD,
MY POISON CHAIN
NOW FORCES YOU TO SEND 10
CARDS TO YOUR GRAVEYARD
IF MY MONSTERS DON'T ATTACK.
AND WHEN YOUR DECK RUNS OUT OF
CARDS TO PLAY, SATELLITE,
YOU KNOW WHAT HAPPENS,
DON'T YOU?
I LOSE.
NOW, I HOPE YOU DIDN'T HAVE
ANYTHING PLANNED
FOR THE NEXT
COUPLE OF YEARS, YUSEI,
'CAUSE ONCE I
WIN THIS DUEL,
YOU CAN WAVE BYE-BYE
TO YOUR FUTURE.
[GRUNT]
SO WITH THOSE 10 CARDS GONE,
YOU'VE ONLY GOT 19 LEFT.
AT THIS RATE,
YUSEI WON'T SURVIVE
FOR MORE THAN
TWO MORE ROUNDS!
COME ON, GRANDPA,
THERE'S GOTTA BE
SOMETHING YUSEI CAN DO
TO STOP
ARMSTRONG'S SPELL!
THERE IS, BUT I DON'T
THINK THE GUARDS
ARE GONNA LET HIM RUN
AWAY AND HIDE.
NOW I PLAY THE SPELL CARD
PARALYZING CHAIN,
WHICH SHOCKS AWAY
300 LIFE POINTS
WHENEVER YOU SUFFER
THE EFFECTS
OF MY POISON CHAIN.
[SHOUTING]
[GRUNT]
ITS ALMOST TIME. SORRY I
CAN'T WAIT ANY LONGER.
YOU HAD YOUR CHANCE, YUSEI.
LOOKS LIKE THAT CAGE
ISN'T SO SAFE
AFTER ALL, HUH, YUSEI?
GUESS THOSE CARDS
ARE AS USELESS
AS THE PEOPLE WHO
GAVE THEM TO YOU!
I'LL SHOW YOU USELESS.
I'M SURE YOU WILL.
IF YOU CAN LAST!
THAT'S MY SIGNAL.
MAYBE YUSEI WAS RIGHT ABOUT NOT
LEAVING HIS FRIENDS HERE.
HMM.
LOOK. LET'S...
LET'S JUST ESCAPE,
THE TWO OF US.
THOSE GUYS
ARE DEAD WEIGHT IN
THEIR CURRENT STATE.
I CAN'T LEAVE THEM BEHIND.
SURE YOU CAN!
YOU DON'T
OWE ANYBODY ANYTHING,
MAN, COME ON!
I WON'T DITCH MY FRIENDS
FOR MY OWN BENEFIT.
I'M NOT LEAVING
THEM BEHIND
JUST TO GET AHEAD.
THAT'S JUST NOT
WHAT I'M ABOUT, ALEX.
[GRUNT]
WELL I'M NOT ABOUT THAT,
EITHER, YUSEI.
I DRAW.
I'LL THROW DOWN:
3 FACEDOWNS!
THEN I'LL PLAY THIS!
THE SPELL PSYCHIC CYCLONE!
NOW I CAN CHOOSE
ONE OF YOUR FACEDOWNS,
AND IF I CAN GUESS
IF IT'S A TRAP OR A SPELL,
NOT ONLY DO YOU LOSE IT,
BUT I GET ANOTHER DRAW.
AND I GOT A FEELING
IN THIS GAME,
THE "HOUSE" ALWAYS WINS!
EENIE MEANIE MINEY MOE!
HEH!
I...
SAY THE LEFT ONE
IS A TRAP CARD!
I'M RIGHT, AREN'T I?
HOW?!
WHAT CAN I TELL YOU,
YUSEI?
MY INSTINCTS
NEVER LET ME DOWN.
NOW, WITH THAT
TRAP CARD OUT OF THE PICTURE,
YOUR CHANCES OF BEATING ME
AND GETTING OUT OF HERE
JUST GOT A WHOLE LOT
SLIMMER!
[GROWL]
NO WAY!
I SMELL
SOMETHING FISHY,
AND ITS NOT HIS B.O.
AND NOW I CAN DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK,
AND THEN I'LL END
MY TURN, SATELLITE.
IM JUST GONNA
PLAY A FACEDOWN
FOR RIGHT NOW.
YOUR MOVE.
HEH HEH HEH!
THEN I GUESS I'LL DRAW!
HMM. I SUMMON OUT
IRON CHAIN BLASTER!
[ROARING]
AND SINCE
I COULDN'T ATTACK YOU
BECAUSE OF
YOUR STEELCAGE'S EFFECT,
MY POISON CHAIN SPELL
CARD FORCES YOU
TO SEND 12 MORE CARDS
TO YOUR GRAVEYARD!
SO WITH THEM GONE,
NEXT ROUND,
YOU'RE FINISHED!
[GRUNT]
DON'T BE MAD!
THIS IS JUST A GAME.
OF COURSE, IN THIS GAME,
IF YOU HAPPEN TO LOSE,
BUT IN THE MEANTIME,
WHAT DO YOU SAY
WE LET THE EFFECT OF
MY PARALYZING CHAIN
PUT A CHARGE
INTO THIS DUEL!
[YELLING]
SHOCKING MOVE,
ISN'T IT, YUSEI?
AND ITS ONLY
GONNA GET WORSE,
'CAUSE NOW I CAN LOAD
MY BLASTER WITH
IRON CHAIN SNAKE
TO BREAK THROUGH
YOUR BARRIER.
[YELLING]
I CAN NOW BRING
BACK MY IRON CHAIN SNAKE
DUE TO IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN'S
SPECIAL ABILITY.
YUSEI! IF YOU DON'T
STOP THE CHIEF SOON,
HIS MONSTERS ARE GONNA
TOTALLY DESTROY YOU.
THAT'S METAPHORICALLY
SPEAKING, OF COURSE!
BUT THAT'S NOT TO SAY
THAT WITH YOUR STEELCAGE
VANISHING THIS TURN,
THEIR ATTACKS AREN'T
GOING TO SHOCK YOU
INTO SUBMISSION!
HA HA HA!
LOOKS TO ME LIKE
YOUR TIME BEHIND BARS
BACKFIRED.
I MEAN, ALL YOU HAVE LEFT
ARE A HALF-DOZEN CARDS
IN THAT JOKE
YOU CALL A DECK.
THESE CARDS ARE
THE HEART AND HOPE
OF EVERY MAN IN HERE!
THEN I'LL BE SURE
TO DESTROY THEM,
AS SOON
AS I'M DONE WITH YOU!
I WON'T LET THAT HAPPEN!
HUH?
[MURMURING]
SOMEBODY
TURN ON THE LIGHTS!
WHAT WAS THAT?!
WE'RE NOT SURE, SIR.
BUT WE'RE CHECKING THE GENERATOR
CONTROL ROOM NOW.
LET'S GET BACK
TO BUSINESS.
[THINKING]
ALEX! HE'S GONE!
THAT BLACKOUT MUST
HAVE BEEN CAUSED
BY HIS FRIENDS
ON THE OUTSIDE!
WISH I WAS WITH YOU,
BUT I GOT MY FRIENDS
TO THINK ABOUT.
GOOD LUCK, MAN.
OK, CHIEF, I'M PLAYING
THIS: THE TRAP CARD
THE JAR OF GREED!
AND THANKS TO IT,
ARMSTRONG,
I DRAW ONE MORE CARD.
HA! WITH EACH CARD
THAT YOU REMOVE
FROM YOUR DECK,
YOU'RE ONE STEP CLOSER
TO LOSING THIS DUEL!
NOT IF I PLAY MY TRAP
CALL OF THE HAUNTED.
Computer: CALL OF THE HAUNTED
IS A TRAP CARD
THAT ALLOWS YOU TO
SPECIAL SUMMON A MONSTER
FROM YOUR GRAVEYARD
BACK ONTO YOUR FIELD
IN ATTACK POSITION.
AND GUESS WHO
I'M BRINGING BACK
WITH IT, ARMSTRONG?!
YOU SHOULD GET A BIG
KICK OUT OF THIS.
YOU BROUGHT BACK
KICK MAN?!
HE'S AS VALUABLE
AS YOU ARE!
YOU SHOULDN'T
UNDERESTIMATE THE
POWER OF ANY CARD,
ESPECIALLY ONE THAT
CAN JOIN FORCES WITH
A CARD IN MY GRAVEYARD.
BUT YOUR GRAVEYARD
IS FULL OF...
CARDS YOU FORCED ME
TO GET RID OF.
SO IT SEEMS LIKE YOUR
STRATEGY IS THE ONE
THAT BACKFIRED,
BECAUSE NOW I CAN
CALL ON AXE OF DESPAIR
TO GIVE MY KICK MAN
AN EXTRA 1,000
ATTACK POINTS!
HEH HEH HEH!
NICE ONE! COURSE,
I DID THE SAME COMBO
BACK IN MY PRO DAYS
ON THE CIRCUIT.
AND NEXT UP,
I'M SUMMONING
EXILED FORCE!
KICK MAN, ATTTTAAAACK!
OW! AAH!
HOLD ON! HIS DUEL DISK
FIN'LY SHOCKED HIM!
YEAH! LOOKS LIKE
SOMEONE TURNED THE POWER
BACK ON!
NOW, EXILED FORCE,
MOVE IN AND SLAY
THAT SERPENT OF HIS
WITH A DIRECT ATTACK!
HOLD ON!
TIME OUT!
WAIT! THERE'S SOMETHING
WRONG WITH MY... NOOOOOO!
[SHOUTING]
IF I FIND OUT
THAT THE PERSON
WHO TURNED MY DUEL DISK
BACK ON KNOWS YOU, YUSEI,
THEY'RE GONNA
WISH THEY NEVER MET YOU!
UNH!
Guard: CHIEF ARMSTRONG,
AN INTRUDER HAS BEEN CAUGHT
AND RESTRAINED
IN THE POWER GENERATOR ROOM.
WE'RE BRINGING HIM TO YOU A-SAP.
[GRUNTING]
NOW LET'S SEE WHO DID THIS!
[SPUTTERING]
SIR,
HERE'S THE CULPRIT!
THIS WAS YUSEI'S
CELLMATE!
NO! THEY CAUGHT ALEX!
[GASPING]
HOW DID THIS PUNK
SNEAK OUT OF HIS CELL?!
SIR, HE DUG A HOLE,
GOT TO THE POWER ROOM,
AND FRIED
THE MAINFRAME.
HE DID WHAT?
GO FIX IT!
MY DUEL DISK
HAS BEEN SHOCKING ME!
EXACTLY. AND IT'S NOT
GOING TO STOP.
AH! I SAID FIX IT!
I'M SORRY, SIR,
BUT THE MAINFRAME
CAN'T BE REPAIRED,
WHICH MEANS THE SHOCKS
THAT ARE RUNNING
THROUGH YOUR DUEL DISK
WILL CONTINUE FOR
THE REMAINDER OF
THE CONTEST.
[GROWLING]
SOON AS I'M DONE HERE,
PUNK,
YOU AND I WILL HAVE
A NICE LONG "CONVERSATION!"
BUT FIRST: YOUR DUEL.
AND WITH THE PLAYING FIELD
EVENED UP,
I'D BE SHOCKED TO
SEE YOU WIN.
[GROWLING]
WHY'D YOU COME BACK,
ALEX?!
WELL, I COULDN'T
JUST LEAVE YOU HERE.
I HAD TO TRY
AND HELP YOU, YUSEI.
THAT'S WHAT FRIENDS DO
FOR EACH OTHER.
JUST LIKE YOU PUT
YOUR FRIENDS
AHEAD OF YOURSELF,
I WANTED TO DO
THE SAME FOR YOU!
HMM.
IT'S TIME WE ADD
TO THE STAKES.
NOW THAT
YOUR DUEL DISK IS
"WORKING" ONCE AGAIN,
I SAY WE
BATTLE IT OUT FOR ALEX.
I WIN,
YOU DON'T PUNISH HIM.
I LOSE, AND HE GOES
INTO LOCKDOWN LIKE ME.
UM, YUSEI?
SOUNDS PERFECT!
YOU'RE DONE NEXT TURN,
ANYWAY!
LET ALEX WATCH HIS FUTURE
DISAPPEAR!
SO, THEN,
LET'S KEEP GOING.
I SACRIFICE EXILED
FORCE TO DESTROY
IRON CHAIN REPAIRMAN!
IT'S YOUR MOVE, CHIEF.
THIS IS IT!
ONE DRAW!
ONE CARD!
AND IF IT'S A MONSTER,
YUSEI HAS TO THROW AWAY
ALL HIS CARDS!
SO, UM, WHAT'S SO BAD
ABOUT THAT?
WHAT'S BAD ABOUT IT
IS HE'LL LOSE!
DIDN'T YOU EVER
FIND A RULE BOOK
WHEN YOU WERE
TRAVELING THE WORLD?!
MAN, IT'S LIKE
TALKIN' ABOUT THIS
TO MY DAD!
BUT YOU CALL ME GRAMPS!
NEVER MIND.
HERE WE GOOOOO!
WELL, WELL.
LOOKS LIKE YOU'RE OK.
AT LEAST FOR NOW,
YOU ARE.
[THINKING]
BUT WHAT YUSEI DOESN'T KNOW
IS THAT I'VE BEEN WATCHING
EVERY MOVE OF HIS GAME
SINCE DRAW ONE.
THANKS TO
MY SECURITY CAMERAS,
HIS CARDS ARE ABOUT AS SECRET
AS A PRIME-TIME LINE-UP.
AND PREMIERING TONIGHT ARE
YUSEI'S FACEDOWN CARDS.
AND I GOT A FEELING,
IT'S GONNA
BE SOMETHING OF A TRAGEDY.
THE FACEDOWN
ON THE RIGHT SIDE IS TAUNT,
A TRAP CARD
HE CAN'T EVEN USE THIS TURN!
AND ON THE LEFT SIDE?
BATTLE MANIA.
NOW, THAT TRAP
COULD BE TROUBLE,
SINCE IT FORCES
OUR MONSTERS TO
FIGHT EACH OTHER.
AND AS LONG AS YUSEI'S
KICK MAN IS SWINGIN'
THAT AXE OF DESPAIR,
HE'S GOT THE UPPER HAND.
BUT WITH BATTLE MANIA GONE,
I WIN,
AND I'VE GOT
JUST THE CARD
TO GET RID OF IT!
I'LL THINK
I'LL MIX THINGS UP
WITH MY SPELL CARD
RELOAD!
NOW I'LL JUST PUT ALL MY CARDS
IN MY DECK,
SHUFFLE 'EM UP,
AND REDRAW!
YAH!
HEH HEH HEH!
HA HA HA!
I PLAY
MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHO!
Computer: MYSTICAL SPACE TYPHO
IS A SPELL CARD THAT ALLOWS YOU
TO DESTROY
ONE SPELL OR TRAP CARD
THAT YOU OR YOUR OPPONENT
HAS ON THE FIELD.
AND NOW I CHOOSE
TO DESTROY THE FACEDOWN
CARD ON THE LEFT!
SAY GOOD-BYE!
WHAT?!
IT'S NOT BATTLE MANIA?!
NO,
BUT THE RIGHT ONE IS!
CHECK IT OUT!
SO NOW OUR MONSTERS
HAVE TO ATTACK.
AND THAT MEANS
I DON'T LOSE
ANY MORE CARDS
IN THIS ROUND!
HE DID IT!
YUSEI MUST HAVE SWITCHED
ALL HIS CARDS AROUND
WHEN THE BLACKOUT
HAPPENED!
NOW YUSEI'S KICK MAN
CAN WIN THIS!
HEY, WHAT'S GOING ON?!
THIS DUEL IS SUPPOSED TO BE
FIXED SO THAT I WIN!
Man: DON'T WORRY, SIR.
WE'VE STACKED YOUR DECK
WITH THE MOST ADVANCED CHAIN
MONSTER COMBOS AVAILABLE.
YUSEI'S NOT THE ONLY ONE WHO
KNOWS HOW TO DUEL WITH DRAGONS!
[GRUNT]
[THINKING]
ALRIGHT, YUSEI,
I DIDN'T GO THROUGH ALL
THE TROUBLE TO CHEAT
JUST SO YOU
WOULD WIN!
TIME TO SHOW YOU
THE REST OF MY CHAIN GANG!
I SUMMON OUT
MY IRON CHAIN COIL!
[MOAN]
AND I'LL TUNE HIM
WITH IRON CHAIN BLASTER
TO SYNCHRO SUMMON:
IRON CHAIN DRAGON!
HA HA HA!
[ROARING]
HERE'S WHERE IT GETS FUN!
SEE, FOR EVERY
CHAIN MONSTER THAT
I'VE GOT IN MY GRAVEYARD,
MY DRAGON GAINS
200 ATTACK POINTS.
AND RIGHT NOW,
I'VE GOT 5!
SO WITH AN EXTRA
THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS, YUSEI,
I'M ATTACKING YOU
WITH MY IRON CHAIN DRAGON!
TRUST ME, CHIEF.
THAT'S A BAD IDEA.
I KNOW IT IS!
FOR YOU!
[ROAR]
[YELLING]
DID I FORGET TO MENTION
THAT HIS SPECIAL ABILITY
AUTOMATICALLY ACTIVATES?
YA SEE,
WHENEVER HE ATTACKS,
YOU HAVE TO SEND
3 OF YOUR DUEL CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD!
AND WITH PARALYZING
CHAIN'S EFFECT,
YOU LOSE
300 MORE LIFE POINTS.
[YELLING]
[GROANING]
YUSEI, NO!
HIS LIFE POINTS!
HE'S FINISHED!
Man: HE CANT WIN NOW.
HE'S TOO WEAK.
[INMATES MURMURING]
[GRUNTING]
MY TURN.
OH! HA HA HA!
YOU'VE GOT NOTHING LEFT!
YOU'RE DOWN TO
100 LIFE POINTS
AND YOUR VERY LAST CARD!
YOUR DECK'S EMPTY,
AND YOU DON'T
HAVE A SINGLE FACEDOWN!
I KNOW.
BUT ALL I NEED TO WIN
IS ONE CARD...
AND A LITTLE
OF YOUR HELP!
MY HELP?!
YOU SPENT THE WHOLE DUEL
TRYING TO SEND MY CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
YOU THOUGHT
MY ENTIRE DECK
WAS WORTHLESS,
JUST A MISH-MASH OF
CARDS GIVEN TO ME
BY YOUR PRISONERS,
MY FRIENDS.
AND MAYBE,
ON THEIR OWN,
THEY WOULDN'T STAND
A CHANCE AGAINST YOUR
SUPERCHARGED CHAINS,
BUT TOGETHER,
THEY WILL WITH THIS.
HUH?
I KNEW YOU WOULD USE
THE SECURITY CAMERAS
TO SPY ON THE CARDS
IN MY HAND
ONCE THE MATCH STARTED.
BUT I ALSO KNEW
YOU WOULDN'T SEE THIS.
IT'S CALLED RUBBLE KING!
I HID IT SO YOUR LITTLE
SURVEILLANCE FRIENDS
COULDN'T
"BIG BROTHER" IT.
SO AS SOON AS YOU
PICKED THE WRONG
TRAP CARD TO DESTROY,
I JUST HAD TO KEEP YOU
SENDING MY CARDS
TO THE GRAVEYARD.
[GROWLS]
FOR WHAT? TO LOSE?!
NOT QUITE.
I'LL SHOW YOU
AFTER I SUMMON HIM.
HAH!
NOW, IF THERE ARE
OVER 30 CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD
WHEN RUBBLE KING
IS SUMMONED,
LIKE YOU SO THOUGHTFULLY
PROVIDED,
I GET TO USE A TRAP!
IT COMES DOWN TO
MY VERY LAST CARD.
I ACTIVATE THE TRAP
BLASTING THE RUINS!
IF I HAVE 30 OR MORE
CARDS IN MY GRAVEYARD,
WHICH YOU KNOW I DO,
THEN YOU AUTOMATICALLY
LOSE 3,000 LIFE POINTS!
3 WHAT?!
[ROARING]
AAH!
[YELLING]
UNH!
YOU BEAT 'IM, YUSEI!
HE WON, HE WON!
NEVER A DOUBT!
YEAH!
YOU SEE THAT?
HE TOOK OUT THE CHIEF
WITH ALL OF OUR CARDS!
[INMATES CHANTING "YUSEI!"]
PUT 'EM BOTH
INTO LOCKDOWN.
WHAT?!
BUT WHAT ABOUT OUR DEAL?!
WE DON'T HAVE ANY DEAL!
TAKE THEM BOTH AWAY NOW!
Goodwin: I DON'T THINK SO,
MR. ARMSTRONG.
I SAW THE ENTIRE DUEL.
AND THE ONLY PERSON GOING AWAY
IS YOU, I'M AFRAID.
I DON'T SEE HOW THE FACILITY
CAN BE RUN EFFECTIVELY
IF NO TRUST EXISTS BETWEEN
THE GUARDS AND THE INMATES.
PACK YOUR THINGS, ARMSTRONG,
YOU'RE FIRED.
SO WHAT NOW, YUSEI?
YOU'RE FREE TO GO!
SOMETHING'S WEIRD.
WHY DID GOODWIN
SHOW UP JUST THEN?
SEEMS FUNNY.
OH, BE QUIET!
THANKS TO GOODWIN,
WE'RE ALL GETTING
OUT SOON, TOO!
I KNOW, AND THAT'S WHY
THIS WHOLE SITUATION
JUST SEEMS STRANGE.
YUSEI WINS, NOW WE'RE
ALL GONNA BE FREE?
JUST BE SURE
TO WATCH YOUR BACK.
MAYBE HE'S RIGHT.
SO, PLEASE,
TAKE THIS GIFT.
I CAN'T TAKE YOUR CARD!
YES, YA CAN!
I FIGURE YOU'LL
PROBABLY HAVE MORE
USE FOR THAT CARD
THAN I EVER WILL!
THIS IS INCR'DIBLE.
THANK YOU.
HOLD ON!
I GOT SOMETHING
FOR YOU AS WELL.
THIS CARD'S GONNA HELP
YOU GET YOUR RUNNER BACK.
I OVERHEARD THE GUARDS
TALKING ABOUT YOUR SWEET RIDE
AND HOW IT'S LOCKED UP
IN THE IMPOUND CENTER.
NOW, TAKE THIS TO
A STORE NAMED BOOTLEG,
ORDER SOME MILK,
AND ASK FOR BLISTER.
HE'LL HELP YOU OUT.
Lazar:
ARE YOU SURE ABOUT THIS?
IF YOU LET HIM GO,
WE MIGHT NEVER
FIND HIM AGAIN!
IT'S OBVIOUS TO ME
THAT YUSEI'S
MARK OF THE DRAGON
WON'T REAPPEAR
WHILE HE'S TRAPPED
INSIDE THE WALLS
OF THE FACILITY.
IT'S TIME FOR
A CHANGE OF SCENERY.
BESIDES, I NEVER SAID
THAT WE WERE
LETTING HIM GO.
YOU'RE GOING TO TRACK HIM?!
OH, YOU ARE SO SNEAKY!
HEE HEE HEE!
WITH YUSEI FREE TO ROAM
NEW DOMINO CITY,
I HAVE SELECTED
AN ELITE TASK FORCE
TO KEEP HIM
UNDER SURVEILLANCE
AND WATCH FOR
ANY SIGNS OF HIS MARK
REAPPEARING.
NOW, AS LONG
AS NO ONE INTERFERES
IN OUR AFFAIRS,
ALL WE NEED TO DO
IS WATCH AND WAIT.
HELLO AGAIN, YUSEI.
[GRUNT]
I HEARD ABOUT
THE LITTLE TASK FORCE
GOODWIN PUT TOGETHER.
YOU BETTER HOPE
THEY GET TO YOU BEFORE I DO